Clef handles:
· Account creation 
· Key management
· Signing transactions/data

The first time Clef is used it needs to 
be initialized with a master seed that 
unlocks Clef's secure vault

Clef will use the vault to store 
passwords for keystores, javascript 
auto-signing rules and hashes of rule 
files

It is extremely important to remember 
the master seed and keep it secure. It 
allows access to the accounts under 
Clef's management.

New accounts can be created using 
Clef's account new method. This 
generates a new key pair and adds them 
to the given keystore directory

clef newaccount --keystore sepolia-data/keystore

It is also possible to create an 
account by importing an existing 
private key

Keys are not stored by Clef, they are 
only accessed using account passwords 
that Clef does store in its vault. 

The keys themselves are stored in an 
external keystore whose security is the 
responsibility of the user

Clef implements a secure, encrypted 
vault for storing sensitive data. This 
vault is encrypted using a masterseed

Since this masterseed is used to 
decrypt the secure vault, and its 
security is not handled by Clef, it 
could represent a security 
vulnerability if the user does not 
implement best practise in keeping it 
safe

Keys are not stored by Clef, they are 
only accessed using account passwords 
that Clef does store in its vault. The 
keys themselves are stored in an 
external keystore whose security is the 
responsibility of the user. If the keys 
are compromised, the account is not 
safe irrespective of the security 
benefits derived from Clef